README.rst, before:

=========================================================
networking-ovn - OpenStack Neutron integration with OVN
=========================================================

OVN provides virtual networking for Open vSwitch and is a component of the Open
vSwitch project.  This project provides integration between OpenStack Neutron
and OVN.

* Free software: Apache license
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/networking-ovn
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/networking-ovn
* Mailing list:
  http://lists.openstack.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/openstack-dev
* IRC: #openstack-neutron-ovn on Freenode.
* Docs: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/networking-ovn/

The original OVN project announcement can be found here:

* http://networkheresy.com/2015/01/13/ovn-bringing-native-virtual-networking-to-ovs/

The OVN architecture is described here:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-architecture.7.html

OVN includes a tutorial to help with understanding how it works:

* https://github.com/openvswitch/ovs/blob/master/tutorial/OVN-Tutorial.md

OVN DB schemas and other man pages:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-nb.5.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-sb.5.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-nbctl.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-sbctl.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-northd.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-controller.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-controller-vtep.8.html

The openvswitch web page includes a list of presentations, some of which are
about OVN:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/
* OVN talk at OpenStack Summit in Austin, Spring 2016
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okralc7LrZo
* OVN Project Update at the OpenStack Summit in Tokyo, Fall 2015
  * http://openvswitch.org/support/slides/OVN_Tokyo.pdf
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IrG2xghJjs
* OVN at OpenStack Summit in Vancouver, Sping 2015
  * http://openvswitch.org/support/slides/OVN-Vancouver.pdf
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEzXTq2fPDg
* OVS Conference 2015
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLGZOYi_Cqc

These blog resources may also help with testing and understanding OVN:

* http://blog.spinhirne.com/p/blog-series.html#introToOVN
* https://blog.russellbryant.net/2016/09/29/ovs-2-6-and-the-first-release-of-ovn/
* http://galsagie.github.io/2015/11/23/ovn-l3-deepdive/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/10/22/openstack-security-groups-using-ovn-acls/
* http://galsagie.github.io/sdn/openstack/ovs/2015/05/30/ovn-deep-dive/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/05/14/an-ez-bake-ovn-for-openstack/
* http://galsagie.github.io/sdn/openstack/ovs/2015/04/26/ovn-containers/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/04/21/ovn-and-openstack-status-2015-04-21/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/04/08/ovn-and-openstack-integration-development-update/

Commit message:

Show team and repo badges on README
This patch adds the team's and repository's badges to the README file.
The motivation behind this is to communicate the project status and
features at first glance.

For more information about this effort, please read this email thread:

http://lists.openstack.org/pipermail/openstack-dev/2016-October/105562.html

To see an example of how this would look like check:

https://gist.github.com/6a54c8315e39b988975dd9fae5c5e0ad

Change-Id: I1b2a4dca77450f44c6a97d1f33272149745bea7b

README.rst, after:

========================
Team and repository tags
========================

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/deb-networking-ovn.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

.. Change things from this point on

=========================================================
networking-ovn - OpenStack Neutron integration with OVN
=========================================================

OVN provides virtual networking for Open vSwitch and is a component of the Open
vSwitch project.  This project provides integration between OpenStack Neutron
and OVN.

* Free software: Apache license
* Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/networking-ovn
* Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/networking-ovn
* Mailing list:
  http://lists.openstack.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/openstack-dev
* IRC: #openstack-neutron-ovn on Freenode.
* Docs: http://docs.openstack.org/developer/networking-ovn/

The original OVN project announcement can be found here:

* http://networkheresy.com/2015/01/13/ovn-bringing-native-virtual-networking-to-ovs/

The OVN architecture is described here:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-architecture.7.html

OVN includes a tutorial to help with understanding how it works:

* https://github.com/openvswitch/ovs/blob/master/tutorial/OVN-Tutorial.md

OVN DB schemas and other man pages:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-nb.5.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-sb.5.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-nbctl.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-sbctl.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-northd.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-controller.8.html
* http://openvswitch.org/support/dist-docs/ovn-controller-vtep.8.html

The openvswitch web page includes a list of presentations, some of which are
about OVN:

* http://openvswitch.org/support/
* OVN talk at OpenStack Summit in Austin, Spring 2016
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okralc7LrZo
* OVN Project Update at the OpenStack Summit in Tokyo, Fall 2015
  * http://openvswitch.org/support/slides/OVN_Tokyo.pdf
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IrG2xghJjs
* OVN at OpenStack Summit in Vancouver, Sping 2015
  * http://openvswitch.org/support/slides/OVN-Vancouver.pdf
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEzXTq2fPDg
* OVS Conference 2015
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLGZOYi_Cqc

These blog resources may also help with testing and understanding OVN:

* http://blog.spinhirne.com/p/blog-series.html#introToOVN
* https://blog.russellbryant.net/2016/09/29/ovs-2-6-and-the-first-release-of-ovn/
* http://galsagie.github.io/2015/11/23/ovn-l3-deepdive/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/10/22/openstack-security-groups-using-ovn-acls/
* http://galsagie.github.io/sdn/openstack/ovs/2015/05/30/ovn-deep-dive/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/05/14/an-ez-bake-ovn-for-openstack/
* http://galsagie.github.io/sdn/openstack/ovs/2015/04/26/ovn-containers/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/04/21/ovn-and-openstack-status-2015-04-21/
* http://blog.russellbryant.net/2015/04/08/ovn-and-openstack-integration-development-update/
